I'm standing on a rashed street a couple
of meters away from the ship that came
all the way from laka port in Cyprus to
the Gaza Seashore what we know so far is
this uh ship uh carrying Aid has uh 200
tons of food uh and Aid to the northern
Gaza Strip it's organized by the world
Central Kitchen and we still don't know
how this Aid is going to be distributed
on at least
600,000 Palestinians stuck in the north
under severe blockades without any food
for months now we can also see on the
side that there's a new sea port being
built and all of this has been organized
and prepared by the world uh Central
Kitchen they're saying that this is the
first attempt of Distributing Aid
through the sea and if this works
successfully more sails and more ships
are going to enter the Gaza Strip uh the
noring Gaza Strip in the same exact way
we know that at least two dozens of
Palestinians have been killed in the
Gaza Strip due to malnutrition and
dehydration among them is children every
day by day especially during Ramadan the
situation is getting harder and the
blockade is getting more miserable on
the people in the Gaza Strip and
especially the people people in the
north the main question is will this Aid
be enough for 600,000 Palestinians
risking starvation and famine this is
hind Al jaaz at Rashid Street
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer